docs(curriculum): Fixed phrase that reads, "Let's add some CSS," which goes against the curriculum's requirement that the OP do the task on his or her own. (#48012)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-html-forms-by-building-a-registration-form/60f1922fcbd2410527b3bd89.md

# --description--
The `vh` unit stands for viewport height, and is relative to 1% of the `height` of the viewport.

> To spruce the project up, add some CSS. Begin by giving the `body` a `width` of `100%`, and a `height` of `100vh`.

Reviewer: We can de-yoda this sentence at the same time:
```suggestion
It is time to spruce the project up with some CSS. Begin by giving the `body` a `width` of `100%`, and a `height` of `100vh`.
```
